src/backend/README.md, before:

# The Backend Code Folder

This folder contains the backend code files for your site. These files correspond to the ones found in the [**Backend**](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-working-with-the-velo-sidebar#backend) section of the **Public & Backend** 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89579857/184862813-e55cdd98-b723-4d64-b73c-593eb9af21c7.png) tab in the Velo sidebar. Add the following files to this folder to include them in your site:
+ [**Web Modules:**](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-web-modules-calling-backend-code-from-the-frontend)  
  These are files that allow you to expose functions in your site's backend that you can run in your frontend code. These files require a `.jsw` file extension.
  >**Note:**  
  >You can't change [web module permissions](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-about-web-module-permissions) in Wix editors when using Git Integration & Wix CLI. Instead, use the [permissions.json](#permissionsjson) file to set function permissions.

+ **data.js**  
  A file for [adding data hooks](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-using-data-hooks) to your site's collections.

+ **routers.js**  
  A file for implementing [routing and sitemap](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-about-routers#routing-code) functionality for your site.

+ **events.js**  
  A file for implementing your site's [backend event handlers](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-backend-events). 

+ **http-functions.js**  
  A file for implementing [HTTP endpoints](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-http-functions/introduction) that are exposed on your site.

+ **jobs.config**  
  A file for [scheduling recurring jobs](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-scheduling-recurring-jobs). Jobs consist of other backend code that's run at regular intervals.
  
+ **General backend files**  
  JavaScript code files. You can import code from these files into any other backend file on your site. These files require a `.js` file extension.

Use the following syntax to import code from backend files: 
```js 
import { myFunctionName } from 'backend/myFileName';
```  
Trying to import from the relative path in your site's repo doesn't work.

Learn more about [this repo's file structure](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-understanding-your-sites-github-repository-beta).

## permissions.json
This file defines [permissions](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-about-web-module-permissions) for the functions in your web module files. The file contains a key, `"web-methods"`, whose value is an object that can contain keys named after the web module files in your `backend` folder. Name these keys with the following syntax: `"backend/{path to file}myFile.jsw"`. The value for each file name key is an object that can contain keys named after the functions in that file. Each function key has a value with the following format:
```js
"backend/myFile.jsw": {
  "siteOwner" : {
    "invoke" : // Boolean
  },
  "siteMember" : {
    "invoke" : // Boolean
  },
  "anonymous" : {
    "invoke" : // Boolean
  }  
}
```
These values reflect the different levels of web module function permissions. You can set them using the following options:
| |`siteOwner`|`siteMember`|`anonymous`|
|-|-----------|------------|-----------|
|Owner-only access| `true` | `false` | `false`|
|Site member access| `true` | `true` | `false`|
|Anyone can access| `true` | `true`| `true`|

The `"web-methods"` object must also contain a `"*"` key. The value for this key defines the default permissions that are applied to any function whose permissions you don't set manually.

Here is an example `permissions.json` file for a site with a backend file called `helperFunctions.jsw`. The file's functions are called `calculate`, `fetchData`, and `syncWithServer`. In this case anyone can call `calculate`, site members can call `syncWithServer`, and only site owners can call `fetchData`.

```json
{
  "web-methods": {
    "*": {
      "*": {
        "siteOwner": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "siteMember": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "anonymous": {
          "invoke": true
        }
      }
    },
    "backend/helperFunctions.jsw": {
      "calculate": {
        "siteOwner": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "siteMember": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "anonymous": {
          "invoke": true
        }
      },
      "fetchData": {
        "siteOwner": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "siteMember": {
          "invoke": false
        },
        "anonymous": {
          "invoke": false
        }
      },
      "syncWithServer": {
        "siteOwner": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "siteMember": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "anonymous": {
          "invoke": false
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Commit message:

robots.txt and sitemap.xml have been generated and added to public for SEO and best practice. All README files have been updated to document these launch/SEO files.

src/backend/README.md, after:

# The Backend Code Folder

## SEO & Launch Files

This site includes:
- `/robots.txt` (allows all, points to sitemap)
- `/sitemap.xml` (lists all public pages)

Both are in `/public` and will be live at the root of your deployed site for search engines and best practice.

This folder contains the backend code files for your site. These files correspond to the ones found in the [**Backend**](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-working-with-the-velo-sidebar#backend) section of the **Public & Backend** 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89579857/184862813-e55cdd98-b723-4d64-b73c-593eb9af21c7.png) tab in the Velo sidebar. Add the following files to this folder to include them in your site:
+ [**Web Modules:**](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-web-modules-calling-backend-code-from-the-frontend)  
  These are files that allow you to expose functions in your site's backend that you can run in your frontend code. These files require a `.jsw` file extension.
  >**Note:**  
  >You can't change [web module permissions](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-about-web-module-permissions) in Wix editors when using Git Integration & Wix CLI. Instead, use the [permissions.json](#permissionsjson) file to set function permissions.

+ **data.js**  
  A file for [adding data hooks](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-using-data-hooks) to your site's collections.

+ **routers.js**  
  A file for implementing [routing and sitemap](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-about-routers#routing-code) functionality for your site.

+ **events.js**  
  A file for implementing your site's [backend event handlers](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-backend-events). 

+ **http-functions.js**  
  A file for implementing [HTTP endpoints](https://www.wix.com/velo/reference/wix-http-functions/introduction) that are exposed on your site.

+ **jobs.config**  
  A file for [scheduling recurring jobs](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-scheduling-recurring-jobs). Jobs consist of other backend code that's run at regular intervals.
  
+ **General backend files**  
  JavaScript code files. You can import code from these files into any other backend file on your site. These files require a `.js` file extension.

Use the following syntax to import code from backend files: 
```js 
import { myFunctionName } from 'backend/myFileName';
```  
Trying to import from the relative path in your site's repo doesn't work.

Learn more about [this repo's file structure](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-understanding-your-sites-github-repository-beta).

## permissions.json
This file defines [permissions](https://support.wix.com/en/article/velo-about-web-module-permissions) for the functions in your web module files. The file contains a key, `"web-methods"`, whose value is an object that can contain keys named after the web module files in your `backend` folder. Name these keys with the following syntax: `"backend/{path to file}myFile.jsw"`. The value for each file name key is an object that can contain keys named after the functions in that file. Each function key has a value with the following format:
```js
"backend/myFile.jsw": {
  "siteOwner" : {
    "invoke" : // Boolean
  },
  "siteMember" : {
    "invoke" : // Boolean
  },
  "anonymous" : {
    "invoke" : // Boolean
  }  
}
```
These values reflect the different levels of web module function permissions. You can set them using the following options:
| |`siteOwner`|`siteMember`|`anonymous`|
|-|-----------|------------|-----------|
|Owner-only access| `true` | `false` | `false`|
|Site member access| `true` | `true` | `false`|
|Anyone can access| `true` | `true`| `true`|

The `"web-methods"` object must also contain a `"*"` key. The value for this key defines the default permissions that are applied to any function whose permissions you don't set manually.

Here is an example `permissions.json` file for a site with a backend file called `helperFunctions.jsw`. The file's functions are called `calculate`, `fetchData`, and `syncWithServer`. In this case anyone can call `calculate`, site members can call `syncWithServer`, and only site owners can call `fetchData`.

```json
{
  "web-methods": {
    "*": {
      "*": {
        "siteOwner": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "siteMember": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "anonymous": {
          "invoke": true
        }
      }
    },
    "backend/helperFunctions.jsw": {
      "calculate": {
        "siteOwner": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "siteMember": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "anonymous": {
          "invoke": true
        }
      },
      "fetchData": {
        "siteOwner": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "siteMember": {
          "invoke": false
        },
        "anonymous": {
          "invoke": false
        }
      },
      "syncWithServer": {
        "siteOwner": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "siteMember": {
          "invoke": true
        },
        "anonymous": {
          "invoke": false
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
