src/pages/README.md, before:

# MacroSight.net — Codebase Overview

This repo powers the **MacroSight** digital portfolio: a systems-driven personal brand built on **Wix Velo**, tailored for strategic consulting, systems design, and cross-domain product leadership.

---

## 🧠 Site Structure

The site includes 7 primary content pages:

| Page             | File Name             | Purpose |
|------------------|------------------------|---------|
| Home             | `Home.c1dmp.js`        | Tagline, positioning, key CTAs |
| About            | `About.imh2g.js`       | Bio, values, strategic focus |
| Experience       | `Experience.g75d6.js`  | Career timeline & technical history |
| Projects         | `Projects.v2squ.js`    | Strategic + Technical portfolio showcase |
| Resume           | `Resume.ot8c3.js`      | PDF + summary of skills/capabilities |
| Contact          | `Contact.i6766.js`     | Form + CTA |
| Invest/Donate    | `Invest.tkf6g.js`      | Support/partnership invitation |

Shared logic and global styles are injected via:

- `masterPage.js`: shared layout behaviors (e.g. sticky header, footer year)
- `public/globalStyles.js`: centralized DOM-based CSS injection

---

## 🧩 How Wix Links Files to Pages

Each page file follows the pattern `PageName.uniqueId.js`, auto-generated by Wix.

- ✅ Do not rename these files manually
- ✅ Add/remove pages in the Wix Editor UI to sync with this repo

---

## 🎨 Styling Strategy

All UI styling is class-based and managed in `globalStyles.js`. This ensures:

- Consistent visual system across the site
- Responsive layouts (flex/grid)
- No inline style repetition

### Example Usage

```js
<div class="card">
  <h3>Title</h3>
  <p>Description here</p>
</div>
````

Injected using:

```js
import { injectGlobalStyles } from 'public/globalStyles';
```

---

## 🚀 Deployment Workflow

| Task           | Method                  |
| -------------- | ----------------------- |
| Dev changes    | Local `.js` editing     |
| Apply to Wix   | Paste into Code Panel   |
| Track progress | Git commit / sync log   |
| Live updates   | Manual "Publish" in Wix |

---

## ✅ V1 Completion Status

| Feature Area          | Status        |
| --------------------- | ------------- |
| Global Style System   | ✅ Live        |
| All 7 Pages Synced    | ✅ Complete    |
| Projects Grid         | ✅ Static      |
| Resume Download       | ✅ Functional  |
| About / Timeline      | ✅ Refactored  |
| Responsive Layouts    | ✅ Global      |
| Component Consistency | ✅ Class-based |

---

## 🔮 V2 Roadmap — Proposed Enhancements

### 💡 Home

* [ ] Animated tagline (typewriter or fade-in)
* [ ] Ambient background or SVG effect
* [ ] Rotating tag carousel (e.g., “Cloud”, “Infra”, “Resilience”)

### 💡 About

* [ ] Visual identity block (icons or badge set)
* [ ] SVG or map showing geographic/global work
* [ ] Embedded photo or sketch avatar

### 💡 Experience

* [ ] JSON-driven timeline array (easy to update)
* [ ] Icons by domain (⚡ Energy, ☁️ Cloud, 🧠 AI)
* [ ] Scroll-triggered highlight or animation

### 💡 Projects

* [ ] Dynamic card renderer from a `PROJECTS = []` array
* [ ] Tag-based filtering (`Cloud`, `UX`, `AI`)
* [ ] GitHub/Notion link buttons per card

### 💡 Resume

* [ ] Embed visual PDF viewer
* [ ] Skill badge grid (powered by JSON)
* [ ] Expandable timeline blocks

### 💡 Contact

* [ ] Form animation / success feedback
* [ ] Social/contact icon row (LinkedIn, Email)
* [ ] Optional Calendly integration

### 💡 Invest

* [ ] Stripe/PayPal widget embed
* [ ] Expandable “Where support goes” accordion
* [ ] Scroll reveal on buttons

### 💡 Global

* [ ] Dark mode toggle
* [ ] Scroll-triggered animations (GSAP or native)
* [ ] `<meta>` SEO + JSON-LD schema
* [ ] Footer auto-year + live link map
* [ ] Accessibility pass (aria labels, tab order)

---

## 📄 Notes

* Do not rename `*.uniqueId.js` files — Wix uses these for page mapping
* All page UI is modular, injected via `.html = ...` and styled via `class=""`
* Avoid inline styles — extend `globalStyles.js` when needed

---

© 2025 MacroSight. Built with Velo, Styled with Code.

Commit message:

feat: implement global styles and unify page layout containers
- Injected globalStyles.js for consistent site-wide styling
- Standardized mounting containers on all pages
- Updated page scripts for Home, About, Projects, Resume, Contact, Experience, Invest
- Cleaned up README.md files across project and public directories
- Maintained layout logic in masterPage.js

src/pages/README.md, after:

# Usage with Wix Velo

All page scripts should import global styles like this for Wix/Velo compatibility:

```js
import { injectGlobalStyles } from "public/globalStyles";
```

Call `injectGlobalStyles()` at the top of your `$w.onReady()` function in each page script.

# MacroSight.net — Codebase Overview

This repo powers the **MacroSight** digital portfolio: a systems-driven personal brand built on **Wix Velo**, tailored for strategic consulting, systems design, and cross-domain product leadership.

---

## 🧠 Site Structure

The site includes 7 primary content pages:

| Page             | File Name             | Purpose |
|------------------|------------------------|---------|
| Home             | `Home.c1dmp.js`        | Tagline, positioning, key CTAs |
| About            | `About.imh2g.js`       | Bio, values, strategic focus |
| Experience       | `Experience.g75d6.js`  | Career timeline & technical history |
| Projects         | `Projects.v2squ.js`    | Strategic + Technical portfolio showcase |
| Resume           | `Resume.ot8c3.js`      | PDF + summary of skills/capabilities |
| Contact          | `Contact.i6766.js`     | Form + CTA |
| Invest/Donate    | `Invest.tkf6g.js`      | Support/partnership invitation |

Shared logic and global styles are injected via:

- `masterPage.js`: shared layout behaviors (e.g. sticky header, footer year)
- `public/globalStyles.js`: centralized DOM-based CSS injection

---

## 🧩 How Wix Links Files to Pages

Each page file follows the pattern `PageName.uniqueId.js`, auto-generated by Wix.

- ✅ Do not rename these files manually
- ✅ Add/remove pages in the Wix Editor UI to sync with this repo

---

## 🎨 Styling Strategy

All UI styling is class-based and managed in `globalStyles.js`. This ensures:

- Consistent visual system across the site
- Responsive layouts (flex/grid)
- No inline style repetition

### Example Usage

```js
<div class="card">
  <h3>Title</h3>
  <p>Description here</p>
</div>
````

Injected using:

```js
import { injectGlobalStyles } from 'public/globalStyles';
```

---

## 🚀 Deployment Workflow

| Task           | Method                  |
| -------------- | ----------------------- |
| Dev changes    | Local `.js` editing     |
| Apply to Wix   | Paste into Code Panel   |
| Track progress | Git commit / sync log   |
| Live updates   | Manual "Publish" in Wix |

---

## ✅ V1 Completion Status

| Feature Area          | Status        |
| --------------------- | ------------- |
| Global Style System   | ✅ Live        |
| All 7 Pages Synced    | ✅ Complete    |
| Projects Grid         | ✅ Static      |
| Resume Download       | ✅ Functional  |
| About / Timeline      | ✅ Refactored  |
| Responsive Layouts    | ✅ Global      |
| Component Consistency | ✅ Class-based |

---

## 🔮 V2 Roadmap — Proposed Enhancements

### 💡 Home

* [ ] Animated tagline (typewriter or fade-in)
* [ ] Ambient background or SVG effect
* [ ] Rotating tag carousel (e.g., “Cloud”, “Infra”, “Resilience”)

### 💡 About

* [ ] Visual identity block (icons or badge set)
* [ ] SVG or map showing geographic/global work
* [ ] Embedded photo or sketch avatar

### 💡 Experience

* [ ] JSON-driven timeline array (easy to update)
* [ ] Icons by domain (⚡ Energy, ☁️ Cloud, 🧠 AI)
* [ ] Scroll-triggered highlight or animation

### 💡 Projects

* [ ] Dynamic card renderer from a `PROJECTS = []` array
* [ ] Tag-based filtering (`Cloud`, `UX`, `AI`)
* [ ] GitHub/Notion link buttons per card

### 💡 Resume

* [ ] Embed visual PDF viewer
* [ ] Skill badge grid (powered by JSON)
* [ ] Expandable timeline blocks

### 💡 Contact

* [ ] Form animation / success feedback
* [ ] Social/contact icon row (LinkedIn, Email)
* [ ] Optional Calendly integration

### 💡 Invest

* [ ] Stripe/PayPal widget embed
* [ ] Expandable “Where support goes” accordion
* [ ] Scroll reveal on buttons

### 💡 Global

* [ ] Dark mode toggle
* [ ] Scroll-triggered animations (GSAP or native)
* [ ] `<meta>` SEO + JSON-LD schema
* [ ] Footer auto-year + live link map
* [ ] Accessibility pass (aria labels, tab order)

---

## 📄 Notes

* Do not rename `*.uniqueId.js` files — Wix uses these for page mapping
* All page UI is modular, injected via `.html = ...` and styled via `class=""`
* Avoid inline styles — extend `globalStyles.js` when needed

---

© 2025 MacroSight. Built with Velo, Styled with Code.
